I said where did the sour smell come from?
It's from you
Keep your mouth clean
Hey, your Qin family
He is just the richest man in Xiaoxiaojiang City
In my opinion, it is no different from the nouveau riche
Ah, Shenyang.
How do you talk to Qin Dynasty?
Why don't you kneel down and apologize?
I knelt down for him
Who is it? I'll get you 5 million
Far from the courtroom
Humph
5 million send the flowers
Qin Shao
Shen Yan and I have now received a marriage license
Well, now I'm also a married man.
Please stop pestering me in the future.
I believe that at your price
It can rise to a thousand times the national bank
Mom, look at this unfilial daughter at night
I really want to piss you off
Qin Shao
Unfortunate family
I also just found out that they got a marriage license
It's the little old man, I'm sorry for you
It's okay Ye Lao
I don't blame you.
This married woman
More charming
everyone
As you can see now
Now our Miss Ye
With this poor loser who has no money and no power
Too poor to show him
The strength of the aristocracy
He might change his mind, boy
Don't you regret it